# Message 2 of 3

**From**: DART Open Records Center

**To**: Claire Campbell

**Date**: 2021 January 4 at 16:36:29 CT

---

<mark>\*\*\*PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS MESSAGE IS GENERATED FROM AN AUTOMATED ACCOUNT THAT IS NOT MONITORED. DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. TO CONTACT DART ABOUT YOUR REQUEST, PLEASE FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS BELOW.\*\*\*</mark>

Dear Claire Campbell:

Thank you for your interest in the public records of the Dallas Area Rapid Transit system. Your request has been received and is being processed in accordance with Chapter 552 of Texas Government Code, the Public Information Act. Your request was received in this office on 1/4/2021 and given the reference number W████████████████-010421 for tracking purposes.

Records Requested:

> Hi there,
>
> I'm requesting a copy of the train arrival announcement audio files used at DART rail stations, in a lossless audio file format (e.g. WAV, FLAC) if possible.
>
> This includes:
>
> - The announcement chime
> - "Arriving" audio clip
> - All line-specific clips (e.g. "Orange line")
> - All station-specific audio clips (e.g. "Train to LBJ central station")
> - All train information clips (e.g. "2 cars")
> - "For your safety, please stand back" audio clip
>
> Thank you!

Your request will be forwarded to the relevant department(s) to locate the information you seek and to determine the volume and any costs associated with satisfying your request. Generally, we endeavor to provide the requested information/documents within ten (10) business days, however, there are times in which more time is needed to locate the relevant information. You will be contacted about the availability and/or provided with copies of the records in question.

PLEASE NOTE: The Texas Public Information Act does not require a governmental body to create new information, to do legal research, or to answer questions.

You can monitor the progress of your request at the link below and you'll receive an email when your request has been completed. Again, thank you for using the Open Records Center.

Dallas Area Rapid Transit

---

_Note: The text "Open Records Center" linked to a page to update the request in the original message and has been removed in this copy._
