# Message 3 of 3

**From**: DART Open Records Center

**To**: Claire Campbell

**Date**: 2021 January 12 at 09:42:08 CT

---

<mark>\*\*\*PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS MESSAGE IS GENERATED FROM AN AUTOMATED ACCOUNT THAT IS NOT MONITORED. DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. TO CONTACT DART ABOUT YOUR REQUEST, PLEASE FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS BELOW.\*\*\*</mark>

01/12/2021

<mark>**VIA: Electronic Mail**</mark>

Claire Campbell

████████████████

████████████████

RE: PUBLIC INFORMATION ACT REQUEST, Reference # W████████████████-010421

Dear Claire;

On January 04, 2021, Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) received your public information request
which states as follows:

> Hi there,
>
> I'm requesting a copy of the train arrival announcement audio files used at DART rail stations, in a lossless audio file format (e.g. WAV, FLAC) if possible.
>
> This includes:
>
> - The announcement chime
> - "Arriving" audio clip
> - All line-specific clips (e.g. "Orange line")
> - All station-specific audio clips (e.g. "Train to LBJ central station")
> - All train information clips (e.g. "2 cars")
> - "For your safety, please stand back" audio clip
>
> Thank you!

We have processed your request for information in accordance with the terms of Chapter 552 of the Government Code, the Public Information Act. The responsive documents are available for your review by clicking the link below.

The link will take you to the DART website where the portal to access your documents is located. The website will be titled, "Public Records Center." Once you log in, you will be able to review all of the requests you have filed using your email address (if you do not see the request you are searching for, please make sure that you are using the same email address that you filed the request under). Completed requests will be indicated by three green check marks. Beneath the check marks will be a link granting you access to your documents.

████████████████

Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at ████████████████ or by email at cdoss@dart.org.

Sincerely,

Cristina C. Doss

Senior Assistant General Counsel

Dallas Area Rapid Transit

---

_Note: A link to view the request in the Open Records Center portal was provided in the original message and has been removed in this copy. You can find a ZIP archive of the files on my [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zXU5F1ga07iYUeR7CQVjOTzyeULCx5ri)_
